[MUSIC]
>> Ben: So,
in terms of priority deliverables,
I'll tell you guys a little bit
about a content priority prototype.
[LAUGH] This sort of takes the place of
your traditional wireframe for us, okay.
We're not doing highly
designed wireframes.
As much real content as we can get,
we put into these things.
So it's actually our customers' content
in the browser, it just happens in HTML.
It's in the browser immediately,
as soon as we can get it in there, okay.
There's almost no style applied to these.
What we're going for
is something that doesn't imply at
all that this has been designed.
What we're really concerned
with is priority, okay.
It's very linear in nature,
priorities kind of assumed or
implied based on the the order of things.
And then we do this in HTML..
It's delivered to our clients in
a browser, so they literally get a URL and
they get to open this thing up.
The very first deliverable in
the prioritization section comes to them
in their browser, okay.
This is actually one of
the most important points here.
We're trying to get them to understand
that I'm not gonna give you a picture of
your website, okay.
We're gonna work with you In
the medium of the web, HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, whatever other
functionality we can tack on, okay.
And we actually have this built,
this HTML, with a tiny bit of CSS is
written by our content people,
content strategists writing markup, okay.
Think about this.
How many of you guys have a process
where you do some of that strategy and
some planning, some you UX kind of stuff.
And then a designer gets the UX
deliverables and goes into Photoshop or
whatever tool they use,
designs a nice nice comp, maybe they
do multiple resolutions of designs.
That's great.
And then that is handed to a front-end
developer who's gonna write markup
based on the design.
How many of you guys do something like
that, writing markup based on the design?
When we when we started to do this,
it completely changed my
perspective on how we do this.
Think about how wrong
this actually is [LAUGH].
If I have my front-end developer writing
their markup based on the design,
it's almost impossible for
them to write really semantic markup cuz
they're completely influenced by
the way the thing looks, right?
We shouldn't be making decisions
about markup based on the design.
So what we do is we have our content
people start our markup for us.
These are the people who best understand
the content that's being marked up.
Markup, that's what we're doing.
We're trying to add, we're layering on a
layer of semantics on top of our content.
That's really what we're doing with HTML.
And so
this has completely changed how we work.
Let's take a quick look at one and
it's not pretty, so
hope you guys are okay with that [LAUGH].
>> Ben: It's actually out there,
there's an example of one
out in the folder there.
There's a zero two plan design,
there's an HTML file in there.
This is it, okay,
you can see it happens in the browser.
Hold on a second here.
>> Ben: Happens in the browser,
get rid of some of these other things.
>> Ben: All right,
and you can see it's completely ugly,
it's just grey boxes.
No real styling other than to just
indicate separation between elements is
really all it's doing, okay [COUGH].
And as I adjust the width of this thing,
you'll see that it's
not really responsive.
Things are percentage-based,
but there's really no layout.
I mean, it's just linear
even at larger resolutions.
What we're trying to do is indicate the
priority of the stuff on the page, okay.
This was built for
a site call dressresponsively.com,
which is actually out there.
And I'll show you two deliverables here.
They're both kind of based on this
concept, which was the idea that
we're gonna let people vote on t-shirts,
responsive attire [LAUGH], if you will.
They would vote on t-shirts and
then the winner would get printed,
that kind of thing.
Actually, last week,
United Pixel Workers ran this one.
I don't know if you guys saw it or not.
So the idea here is just
dress responsively,
navigation, the big sort
of you decide 2012.
We were playing on the election theme, so
that was some of
the direction that was given.
And this is, whoops not that, this is the
content priority prototype for that site.
So you can see Dress Responsibly,
the name of the organization,
the most important thing.
You Decide 2012 indicated, and
if you look at the markup,
you'll see how we've semantically
marked this up, okay.
[COUGH] Anyway, concept that we've
really seen this as beneficial for us.
Now, this works well on sites
that are content driven as
opposed to function driven, okay.
If you're actually building
something that's a bit more appy,
a bit more interactive in nature as
opposed to something that's really just
displaying content.
What we've done there is actually created
a more static like wireframe, but
we usually use Keynote or
something like that.
You could use whatever tool it
is you're comfortable with.
But we do those at smaller resolutions
to try and get some of the same kind of
benefit of prioritization of function
in that sort of linear layout.
Questions on this, ideas, is anybody
doing anything kind of like this?
No, okay, all right, let's move on.